Bootstrap is the most popular and powerful front-end (HTML, CSS, and JS) framework for faster and easier responsive web development.
快速而轻松的构建相应式Web应用，Bootstrap无疑是这些框架中最受欢迎的。

Bootstrap tutorials will help you to learn the fundamentals as well as the advanced features of the latest Bootstrap framework step-by-step, so that you can create responsive, interactive and feature rich websites with much less effort.
Bootstrap教程能够帮助你使用Bootstrap的高级特性的同时，学会其最基础的原理。从而使你花费最少的代价与实践构建复杂的响应式web应用。

Tutorials are broken down into sections where each section containing a number of related topics that are packed with easy to understand explanations, real-life practice examples, smart workarounds as well as useful tips and important notes.
每一个教程购包含了若干的主题，并且尽可能的易于理解，富有实际意义的实例，灵巧的解决方案，并且附带有用的提示和重要的注释。

You can save a lot of time and efforts with Bootstrap — So bookmark this website and continue on.
使用Bootstrap可以为你节约大量的时间成本，所以请收藏我们的网址吧，下面继续

If you're completely new to the Bootstrap we recommend you to start with the section that covers Bootstrap Basics and gradually move forward, by learning a little bit every day.
如果你是第一次使用Bootstrap，我们建议你从最基础的章节开始，一步一步的学习，最好是每天都有所收获

Tip:Every chapter in this tutorial is somewhat related to each other. So it's a good idea to make sure that you have understood the each topic very clearly before moving on to the next chapter or section.
提示：教程的每个章节有时是相互联系的，所以最好的办法就是在学习新的课程（章节）之前，完全弄清楚章节的内容。

Bootstrap Examples
Bootstrap 实例

Every chapter in this tutorial contains practice examples that you can try and test yourself to extend your learning. The purpose of these examples is to provide you a better understanding of the usage of Bootstrap in your day to day implementation.
每个章节都包含有实例，你可以尝试运行它们，从而更好地理解如何使用Bootstrap。

Check out the Bootstrap Examples »
点击右边的链接，获取Bootstrap实例

Bootstrap Button Generator
Bootstrap 按钮

An interactive online tool that will help you to quickly create your favorite Bootstrap buttons with various colors and icons without writing a single line of code.
这里有一个在线的交互式工具，可以帮助你快速的生成Bootstrap按钮，并且这些按钮还可以带有不同的颜色和图标，你甚至不需要写意行代码。

Check out the Bootstrap Button Generator »
点击右边的链接，获取Bootstrap 按钮的例子
